long ago in a faraway land there was a
prosperous Kingdom ruled by a young
Emperor boom baby he had a serious
attitude he threw off my groove I'm
sorry but you've thrown off the
Emperor's groove an evil advisor by the
way you're fired
hey don't take over and rule the Empire
and one major problem just poison him
but this hey croc can you top me off
they'll be a friend a llama he's
supposed to be dead yeah weird take him
out of town and finish the job now his
only hope is a humble peasant llama
you kidnapped me what would i kidnap a
llama you're the criminal mastermind not
me
what tell me cusco is dead oh oh it's
not as dead as we would have hoped
No
yeah your highness I gotcha
you're safe now or not
no touchy why did I risk my life for a
selfish brat like you now I feel really
bad bad llama Oh
the Emperor's got a new look a new pipe
wall and you have to work together to
get out of this you know it's a good
thing you're not a big fat guy or this
would be really difficult and a brand
new groove Walt Disney Pictures presents
the Emperor's New Groove oh oh don't
tell me we're about to go over a huge
waterfall yep sharp rocks at the bottom
looks likely bring it on
you